[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: Like I said,
we're gonna skip over the ES6 stuff.
I'll just show you briefly that one
just changes require statements,
import statements.
Now we can have import specifiers
to pull out exactly what we want.
This looks like that destructuring
feature that I was telling you about.
It is not.
It is not destructuring.
You think that it is and
then you cry when you find out it's not.
I made a big, big mistake for
a long time thinking that was that.
Well, I knew it wasn't destructuring but
I thought it worked like destructuring,
and it doesn't.
And so, if you wanna learn more about
that, check out the video I mentioned.
But yeah,
that's pretty much all this one's doing.
If you want to do this in your spare
time later, then that is cool.
But we're gonna skip over that cuz it's
not pertinent to web packing necessarily.
One part about that that is important,
is that for this Tree Shaking thing
to work that I'm about to show you,
your modules do you have to be ES6.
This doesn't work with require JS,
it doesn't work with the CommonJS,
and it doesn't work with AMD, or
asynchronous model definition.
If you're not familiar with that,
don't worry about it.
It's dying and
nobody really uses that anymore.
So yeah, you do have to use ES6.